you
hey this is Anthony with RevZilla TV and
in this video were gonna break down a
brand new jacket for 2011 from
Alpinestars this is called the Verona
airflow now for those of you that know
the a star's line and it have been you
know a multi season shopper for a stars
gear there are a lot of brand loyalists
out there you know the Verona is part of
the city collection the Verona
waterproof was actually one of the
best-selling jackets of 2010 and that
was this exact same design but with no
mesh what they've done at a stars is
listen they said alright for the guys
that live in a hot climate that really
need a lightweight summer mesh jacket
let's keep everything the same let's
just remove the waterproofing and add
more mesh than we've ever done on any
other jacket so for 159 you're getting a
jacket anthing he's actually wearing an
extra-large here that's gonna be 450 d
in the impact areas and then use a ton
of mesh mesh lined no thermal liner here
and it's basic what they've done is
they've taken the things out of it that
people that are you know city people
scooter riders everyday riders some of
the less technical stuff so you take it
out the 360 zipper you have some cost
savings there it's really designed for
the everyday rider on or off the bike as
you can see you know Anthony could walk
into a restaurant here and he he you
know nobody would bat an eye it's not
that storm trooper loop look that you
look like if you're a more technical
rider so if you check this guy out
starting at the top and working your way
down neoprene line collar neoprene line
cuffs it's gonna have YKK zippers which
Alpinestars does that's a quality thing
make sure that they're protective they
stay together and I last the lifetime of
the jacket armor on this guy that's a
big that's a big selling point here if
the Alpinestars seee rated bio armor its
proprietary it's the same armor that
they're using in most of their technical
leather jackets as well so you're not
sacrificing anything by way of
protection but you're getting a more
basic and more stylish jacket turn the
side for me that way so you can see it
from the side here basic that 450
details down here across the impact turn
backwards for me
subtlety on this jacket Alpinestars logo
across the top of the collar lots of
mesh ventilation on the back turn back
around for me
I did mention it comes in two colors
comes in a black comes in a desert which
is like an olive Anthony just for
reference is six foot one he's gonna be
195 about a 42 43 inch chest I'm fine
he's wearing an extra-large I'm five
nine 175 I would definitely be a large
in this guy it's a more generous cut if
you have any questions about it shoot us
a line see us at revzilla.com or 18 2013
I bucks will ship it for free if you
need to make a size exchange fire back
to us we'll exchange it for free you're
gonna earn teamzilla cash in this guy
towards your next order which is our way
of allowing you to save in the long run
and as always with RevZilla no restocks
on anything so if you don't like it send
it back to us maybe 100 percent back to
your card thanks for watching revzillatv
today again this is the Alpinestars
Verona airflow jacket available at
revzilla.com slash a spare slash
Alpinestars rather I'm Anthony we'll see
you next time on RevZilla TV
you